feat: add adopted clusters support for Istio (#551)
k0rdent/kof: docs/dev.md

* Run kind cloud provider to support external IP allocation for ingress services
  ```bash
  docker run --rm --network kind -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock registry.k8s.io/cloud-provider-kind/cloud-controller-manager:v0.7.0
  ```

> * Create regional adopted cluster deployment without Istio:
>   ```bash
>   make dev-regional-deploy-adopted
>   ```
> 
> * Create regional adopted cluster deployment with Istio:
> ```bash
>   make dev-istio-regional-deploy-adopted
>   ```
> 

Reviewer: I guess they are mutually exclusive, using the same `KIND_CLUSTER_NAME=regional-adopted`.
Please reword to:
````suggestion
* Create regional adopted cluster deployment either with or without Istio:
  ```bash
  make dev-istio-regional-deploy-adopted
  # or
  make dev-regional-deploy-adopted
  ```
````

* Inspect the regional adopted cluster:
  ```bash
  kubectl --context=kind-regional-adopted get pod -A
  ```

> * Create child adopted cluster without Istio:
>   ```bash
>   make dev-adopted-deploy KIND_CLUSTER_NAME=child-adopted
>   make dev-coredns
>   make dev-child-deploy-adopted
>   kubectl --context=kind-child-adopted get pod -A
>   ```
> 
> * Create child adopted cluster with Istio:

Reviewer: The same:
````suggestion
* Either create child adopted cluster without Istio:
  ```bash
  make dev-adopted-deploy KIND_CLUSTER_NAME=child-adopted
  make dev-coredns
  make dev-child-deploy-adopted
  kubectl --context=kind-child-adopted get pod -A
  ```

* ...or with Istio:
````
